Changelog (#3843)
codesandbox/codesandbox-client: packages/homepage/content/changelog/redefining-code-collaboration/index.md

---
banner: ./images/share.png
title: v3.6
slug: share-v3-6
date: 2020-03-25
description:
  A big update to CodeSandbox Live — Live by default, new access controls,
  presence, and follower mode.
---

### Redefining Code Collaboration

CodeSandbox Live made collaboration easier by giving you the ability to code in
real-time with others. It's used for pair programming, at hackathons, during job
interviews, and in classrooms, enabling two or more folks to work on code
simultaneously. What's more, our [basic team support](/dashboard/teams/new) has
reduced friction in sharing ownership of sandboxes within a group.

#### Features

> <ol>
>   <li>Significant stability and performance improvements</li>
>   <li>Project team links and issue peek now work better on mobile devices</li>
>   <li>Removed team deletion from the command menu. To remove a team, visit the team settings page</li>
>   <li>API: Fixed pagination on  query</li>
> </ol>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Significant stability and performance improvements
2. Project team links and issue peek now work better on mobile devices
3. Removed team deletion from the command menu. To remove a team, visit the team settings page
4. API: Fixed pagination on query
```

#### Fixes

> <ul>
>   <li>Significant stability and performance improvements</li>
>   <li>When the Slack integration access has been revoked or turned off we send out a notification</li>
>   <li>Fix to issue URLs containing backtick characters</li>
>   <li>GitHub autolinking documentation improvements</li>
>   <li>Project team links and issue peek now work better on mobile devices</li>
>   <li>Removed team deletion from the command menu. To remove a team, visit the team settings page</li>
> <li>API: Fixed pagination on query</li>
> </ul>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Significant stability and performance improvements
- When the Slack integration access has been revoked or turned off we send out a notification
- Fix to issue URLs containing backtick characters
- GitHub autolinking documentation improvements
- Project team links and issue peek now work better on mobile devices
- Removed team deletion from the command menu. To remove a team, visit the team settings page
- API: Fixed pagination on query
```
